# 英语面试

- 先自我介绍一下？

> My name is zhihui.wang. I graduated from Anhui University Of Science And Technology in 2015, up to now,I have 3 years' experience in front-end work. My first job is a company that makes 3D printers in Wenzhou. I stayed there for more than a year. My second company are located in Hangzhou. I made H5 page in it.Last yaer, After I leave Hangzhou and before I came to Beijing, I didn't choose to find a job and studyed what I whated. Last September, I came to Beijing and gei a jon from RenRen. Now, I'm looking at some new opportunity. And that's all.

- 介绍家乡？

> My hometown is from Hengshui, Hebei. There is a Hengshui lake, the length of a perimeter nearly a marathon,yes,the international marathon race was held there. My hometown produces a kind of wine called LaoBaiGan,it's a very strong wine, about 40 degrees.

- 能说一些你多次离职的原因吗？

> The first company is Wenzhou Wheat Field Network Technology Co., Ltd.，At that time, which was not separated from font to end in development. It is not good at the development of the front end.Another reason is that I want to go to bit cities.

> The second company is Hangzhou HaiKe Technology Co., Ltd., A few months were forced to work overtime，I really don't like that kind of work status, so I finally chose to quit.

> Renren is my first job in Beijing. At that time, I didn't know the market of Beijing very well, So I got a job with a low salary, but I still hold on for a year. It's almost a year now. I want to find a job I like, balances work and life. It's really a difficult thing to do it IT industry.

- 在人人网做过什么项目，分别用了哪些技术？

> Renren is now making second-hand car product, called "kaixin car". Office web producted by myselef, but it used some old technology, such as jQuery、BootStrap and gulp. I've also been involved in the development of Office web that based on mobile end, it used vue to build. I had also rebuild the operation center,old project use old technology, and I used vue to rebuild some operation center projects, reduce some scenes of repeated development

- 对你职业发展有何规划？

> I want to be a full stack developer, but now I basically know more about the front end, I think I still need some years to gather experience. In my spare time, I wil learn both font end and bback end.I hope I will be able to be a freelancer in the future.

- 你的强项和弱点是什么？

> I like the neat, code cleanliness, good at classification and summing up, strong learning ability.

> It is not easy to react When the amount of information is too much, I like to analyze the information carefully in advance before I feedback my point of view. However, It good that be able to react fast.

- 你奋斗的动力来源于什么？

> In order to life, I think many peaple has his limitations and have to work. I used to think everything should be done for god, but now I don't think so and I have never find orther source of struggle except life. If I can do what I want, I'll find the source of my struggle.

- 你有什么爱好？

> I like badminton, table tennis, roller skating, swimming, chess, and outdoor sports. In addition, I want to read book of psychology, philosophy, sociology, anthropology and so on, and write a book.

- 你对薪水有什么要求？

> First of all, I'd like to know about the company's salary composition

> one month 16~20K

- 你怎么支付你的大学费用？

> At the beginning, I depend on my parents. Later, I worked on a distance online for my first company in school.

- 总结你三年以来的收获？

> adsnakhn
